Deploy release notes restructure (#5028)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 10/umbraco-deploy/release-notes.md

## Release History

> In the below section, you can find the release notes for each major version of Umbraco Deploy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this article, you can find release notes for each release of Umbraco Deploy.
```

> Under each dropdown for the major versions, you can find details about each new minor versions released for the specific major.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under each major version, you can find details about minor and patch releases for the specific major.
```

## Release History

> In this article, you can find release notes for each release of Umbraco Deploy.

Reviewer: I thought that this was the first part of the article 🙈 
```suggestion
In this section, you can find release notes for each release of Umbraco Deploy.
```

*   Fixed display child nodes indicator for tree picker used for selecting items in the remote environment [#146](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/146)
*   Added additional logging to indicate which item and pass causes a processing failure if and when one occurs [#144](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/144)
*   Tidied up initialization markers [#102](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/102)
  
</details>

<details>

> <summary>Umbraco Deploy Version 10</summary>

Reviewer: It was actually these headings I was referring to 😅 

```suggestion
<summary>Version 10</summary>
```

Author: Ahhh okay, I've removed it.

*   Surfaced information about configuration for the ignore of broken dependencies in the dialog that presents the error information
*   Fixed a CSS rendering issue for the deploy content dashboard's workspace display, when more than four environments are available.
*   Fixed issue with deployment of empty tags data [#104](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/104)
*   Retained compact JSON formatting when transferring grid values

### [9.3.1](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F9.3.1) (March 22nd 2022)**

*   Adds support for deploying new relation type property introduced in CMS 9.4
*   Fixes layout issue on workspaces dashboard when more than 4 environments are configured.

### [9.3.0](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F9.3.0) (February 15th 2022)

*   Content comparison dialog [#65](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/65)

> *   backoffice deployment of members and member groups.

Author: ```suggestion
*   Backoffice deployment of members and member groups.
```

*   Indented the JSON representation of Data Type configuration details in the .uda files for ease of review [#85](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/85)
*   Fixed issue with transfer of Forms prevalue sources from text files that include captions.
*   Ensured Document Type validation messages are transferred between environments [#137](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/137)

### [Deploy 4.6.2](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F4.6.2) (August 16th 2022)

*   Aligned Git URL displayed in backoffice with that in Cloud Portal (V4 only) [#136](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/136)
*   Fixed issue with deployment of root node value for Umbraco Forms's "save as Umbraco node" workflow [#133](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/133)
*   Fixed incorrect availability of workspace restore in production environment (V9 and V10 only)
*   Added close button to "Transfer now" dialog
*   Resolved registration of deployable types to support configuration for "backoffice edition".

> ### [Deploy 4.6.1,](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F4.6.1) (July 12th 2022)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### [Deploy 4.6.1](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F4.6.1) (July 12th 2022)
```

*   Resolved issue with media restore when database items exist and files don't [#123](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/123)
*   Added details of failed deployment to deploy dashboard [#120](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/120)
*   Added copy button for deploy log in the backoffice [#121](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/121)
*   Fixed typo in UI [#113](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/113)
*   Ensured signature refresh on Data Type move into or out of folder [#125](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/125)
*   Fixed selection of workspace for compare dialog
*   Optimized existence checks in connectors
*   Restore missing partial restore option in content and media tree roots (V9+)
*   Fixed extract trigger URL in PowerShell script distributed with Deploy On-Premise (V9+)
*   Improved deserialization of exceptions for clearer reporting (V9+)

> ### [Deploy 4.6.0](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F4.6.0) [and](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Forms.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F8.12.0)  (April 26th 2022)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### [Deploy 4.6.0](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F4.6.0) [and] [Deploy 8.12.0](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Forms.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F8.12.0)  (April 26th 2022)
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion :D It seems it is a link to a forms issue, so I'll just remove it :D

*   Resolution of issue with failed extractions on vNext infrastructure.

### 2.0.18 + 2.1.3 (July 6th 2021)

*   Updating Cloud vNext related configuration

</details>

## [Deploy Contrib](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Contrib)

{% hint style="info" %}
Deploy Contrib contains community contributions for Umbraco Deploy targetted for version 8 and above.

It offers connectors for the most popular Umbraco community packages. These are used by Deploy to aid with the deployment and transferring of content/property-data between environments.
{% endhint %}

### Deploy Contrib 11.0.1 (February 14th 2023)

*   Block grid editor support and fix for null reference exception (10+)
*   Further caching for deploy operations.

### Deploy Contrib 10.1.1 (February 14th 2023)

*   Block grid editor support and fix for null reference exception (10+)
*   Further caching for deploy operations.

### Deploy Contrib 9.1.1 (February 14th 2023)

*   Block grid editor support and fix for null reference exception (10+)
*   Further caching for deploy operations.

### Deploy Contrib 4.2.0, 9.1.0 and 10.1.0 (September 7th 2022)

*   Used caching in value connectors to improve performance.

> *   Fixed issue with transfer of nested content string values using item templates (i.e. commencing with "{{") that were erroneously considered as JSON.

Author: ```suggestion
*   Fixed issue with transfer of nested content string values using item templates (which is commencing with "{{") that were erroneously considered as JSON.
```

### Deploy Contrib 4.1.2, 9.0.2, 10.0.1 (July 12th 2022)

*   Optimized existence checks in connectors

### Deploy Contrib 4.1.1 (April 26th 2022)

> *   Fixes issue with deployment of nested content properties within doc type grid editor values. [#82](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/82)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Fixes issue with deployment of nested content properties within Document Type Grid Editor values. [#82](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/82)
```
